Sing worry-free, what do you want to intervene in?
Young Master Li is trying to kill me too
There will be a chance.
Then you have to work hard
Your only chance to kill me is inside the monster
Then our Demon Wake Sword
Ghost
This Mr. Li is better said to be good at forbearance
To put it bluntly, it is both delicious and vulgar
No courage
You have a grudge against him
Then why do you like to watch idiots show off their power?
Such a fool can only wake up when he dies
So you want me to kill him?
You killed his brother
You don't kill him
He will kill you
I like you very much.
Miss Lan, why are you here?
how
If you are allowed to participate in Yuan Men's no choice, will you not allow me to come?
Ah no no
Is it just that the South City Lord knows about this?
Of course I do.
Otherwise, how did I get here?
It seems that City Lord Nan does not approve of Miss Nan coming to the city
Miss Nan should go back first
This city is by no means a good enemy
You think I'm a burden to you
Oh no no
And if I ever get in danger
Will you protect me?
At first
If it weren't for Miss Nan and City Lord Nan sacrificing their lives to get along
My husband and wife are long dead
So even if I, Han Yang, risk my life
I will also protect Miss Nan
That's good
Then let me, Han Yang, do my best
Let Miss Nan become Yuan Men Qin's disciple
That's a joke. Go